She kinda cute.
Lmao, shut up. Shes cute, your an idiot. I didn't speak of her boobs nor did I require to just speak of her accolades considering her proof was there to see. As per that I was a programmer turned medic. So I can already appreciate her success. As per her attractiveness I was just sending a quite acceptable comment that wasnt dirty or gross. Its people like you that need a chill pill cuz this rhetoric is purely snowflake and stupid. Grow up. Shes smart attractive and as I read taken. Compared to some of the other posts about her boobs calm down wonder woman. She dont need your help. Keep your stupid rhetoric to yourself.
Is she biologically female?
Downvoting for that reason is lame but I can certainly appreciate the emotional response her being taken. EDIT: Whoa I think I must have worded this poorly. What I meant was I can understand the emotional response to her having a boyfriend. When you meet a person you're attracted to, and find out they have an SO, your heart sinks a little. That's a normal emotional reaction. Pressing the downvote arrow over it is definitely an overreaction and lame.
Time to show her some appreciation 😉
Oh I'm sure this didn't end well... I mean my PM was absolutely revolting enough.. I can imagine other peoples..
Upvoted because woman
Girl. Gamer. Programmer. The winning mix to go to the front page and get your PM box obliterated.
Oh she smart and she bad  Edit: yikes y’all wtf with the downvotes
Cute girl, Led Zepp, and coding? To the front page!
Are we blind? Deploy the upvotes!
I love that the gravitational force of her boobs are probably stronger than the moons.
Nice rack
You certainly are blessed m'lady
Tig ole bitties big adventure!
Do you have one that lands on Uranus?
Gonna get blown up like....a couple of big balloons.
r/biggerthanyouthought material
Nobody's objectifying her. Just her boobs.
Is it on your chest? ;)
Uh... sorry beta male. She's mine. I claimed her like King Arthur claimed his hard meaty shlong from the rock of destiny. You're going to have to try again in another life time.
She fucked other men during those all nighters
I best she's more than a "handful", lol ;) ;) nudge nudg
I'm sure you see this guy up n down this post doing the exact same thing. Either way, you're old enough to accept my challenge of a fight to the death for this fair maiden's love! Refusing shall forever label you a coward and an outcastYour move, Freck.
Bruh I'm 31, but she's stacked af...poor girl probably has back problems. God bless her ;)
You got some nice looking cans, 100% more interesting than that whack game.
Those are some excellent honkers.
a real set of badonkers
Congratulations on your boobs and the game.
Well ya, look at those warlocks. No hiding those with a baggy t shirt.
Jumbo yum yums 😍
She's packin some big ol titties under there
Seriously, she got to the front page on /r/gaming. Lets see her getting on the front page on /r/gonewild instead
You got some nice boobies.
Looks like you have some nice sweater stuffers 
Since none of you other people will say it I’ll just go ahead and say what we’re all thinking. /u/frecklesD90 your girlfriend is fuckin hot
awesome achievement. nice rack.
Nice rack of buttons you have there.
is that a trans?
you single? I could use a tutor for some code writing
I would love to fuck your asshole // I would like to fuck your throat
Impressive chassis
Nice rack of buttons you have there.
You cannot deny, that is one nice set of colorful round juicy buttons.
I really wanna flip those top switches.
A girl.... AND a gamer? Whoa mama! Hummina hummina hummina bazooooooooing! eyes pop out AROOOOOOOOGA! jaw drops tongue rolls out WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF tongue bursts out of the outh uncontrollably leaking face and everything in reach WURBLWUBRLBWURblrwurblwurlbrwubrlwburlwbruwrlblwublr tiny cupid shoots an arrow through heart Ahhhhhhhhhhh me lady... heart in the shape of a heart starts beating so hard you can see it through shirt ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum milk truck crashes into a bakery store in the background spiling white liquid and dough on the streets BABY WANTS TO FUCK inhales from the gas tank honka honka honka honka masturabtes furiously ohhhh my gooooodd~
Nice titz
Thicc
Wow, we can see your entire body but you didn't even include a screenshot of the name of the game. You are such a girrrrrrl gamer.
waifu++
O honestly can't tell if this is a man or a delusional man who thinks he's a woman
Heavy in the front
>75% mine 5% coding 70% bringing coffee to the actual coders.
Great boobs tho Tips fedora
Jesus you're hot
looks like the game isn't the only deployed things. You have a well developed bit of software yourself...
This chicks beautiful and has amazing titties.
10/10 Would bang. Oh and the game looks legit as well.
Ever considered a career in porn?
Someone better give that lady a ring. She’s smart, hot AND develops her own video games! Damn....
I love those chest bumps
Seriously though what size bra did you put on this morning.
Wow your gorgeous! Your gonna make some guy lucky
There's no way you're not QUEEN of the nerds xD.
tfw no big titty gamer gf PepeHands
I, like everyone else here, am interested in this post because you're a young woman.
Your gorgeous, let's get married.
Brilliant young trans womyn.
Upvoted please have sex with my hot girl!!!
Zeplin shirt, game creator, and you're hella cute? You are going places
Hot nerd alert ;)
Looking for a boyfriend? Coders get my brain all flustered :)
Lmao this shit is pathetic who upvotes this garbage
Yeah I’d put it in yer pooper
Prettier than the average Dev.
Women ALWAYS have to be in the picture of what they made. If this was taken by a man it would just be the game.
Game dev. Zeppelin shirt. Are you taking boyfriend applications?
Will you be my girlfriend
I love everything about this photo, see my dream girl does exist! 😍😁
Why is she appealing to her gender? It is fucking irrelevant. If she is a good dev she is a good dev. No need to point out that she has a vagina.
cunt looks much older than 20
I bet her game is trash.
Game looks like shit. She does appear to have some massive sweater puppets under that baggy shirt. Too bad they are only for Chad.
Any foid in the game industry was given the job by a soy cuck incel thirsty for female validation. Women cannot code unless they're trannies. Why would you gloat about doing 3/4ths of the work? You can whip up a prototype in three hours. Not much of an accomplishment.
Games are progressively getting worse. She will help to develop the next feminism and gay simulator.
This attention-seeking humblebragging is fucking obnoxious and I'm fucking sick of it. The proper response should be, "Here's a Special Ed gold star for you, you special snowflake! Here, take two! The other one can be for tying your own shoes."
Women cannot code unless they're trannies. 
Those milkers would look great on my face
nice yams
How big are those titties
led zepplin cannot contain those
post boobs or get out
better cover that snout amirite
I hate women with all of my energy.
Cumbrain detected.
Just enjoy the big yum yums
Sit on my face mommy~
If you dont get them tits out right now bitch i might have to kill you
please tell me how nasty that cooch smell like after a long hard sweaty day handling tools
hello fat excrememtal cumdumpsterous bovine	why u post fart titties on reddit huh? U have daddy issues? From such a youn age? Why are u so insecure about urself?
have sex with me
Can you have sex with me?
hey there, not only are you ridicously talented but you're also very pretty. Go you!
A certified baddy: I know you’re intelligent because you made a game, but YOU ARE FINE AF
Fellow Techy and Aspiring Creator: Hey! I liked your post about that code you wrote. I was wondering if I could talk to you. You're super cute and really smart :)
You look like a pretty accomplished person. How do you feel about your achievements so far in life? Are you satisfied? What's your drive in life
hey	You are really cute...and being a programer makes you hot! Lol I work in IT... Not very many cute girls in my line of work....
Great accomplishment, FYI you're also super hot. You got enough kudos on yiur work and congrats wanted to throw that in too
Seen your awesome post	Aside from your incredible work at coding the game, you look gorgeous actually. :")
you… Are freaking hot btw
god damnnnnnnnn	youre stackedddd!!!!!! Please post to gonewild 🙏
programming	Cheeky grin - check! Glasses - check! Great posture - check! Curly hair - check! Smart - check! Dedicated - check! Are you just the perfect chick or what? But seriously, congrats on your achievement, i hope you do great things in the future and hopefully i play one of your games one day.
how many guys have you had sex with in your life?	stop showing off your huge tits like a slut then
Nerdy, sexy and busty (drool emoji)	Where do I sign up to push your buttons?(kissy emoji)
I saw your post and was wondering if you were single looking for a relationship ?
Awesome	Legit impressed. Looks like that console is pretty sweet. Between that and the zeppelin shirt you’ve beat the game. Marry me. :-p. for real, nice work keep going with it it’s very rewarding. I always loved computers and early games. So it’s nice to see such a cool lookin apparatus. Along with the location of where it is. Very cool. First message I’ve ever sent anyone in reddit because I was that impressed. I know I have terrible grammar so I apologize for that.
Pussy. Yeah I'd eat the fuck out of your pussy, wouldn't even hesitate one bit
Wow, you have some big tits! Do you post on /r/gonewild?
You have some fucking massive tittles. Good lord
hey	Show me your cunt.
Just saying	Im so sorry and usually never slide into the DMs but I had to tell you that you are literallyyyyyy the most gorgeous girl I have ever seen lol
hi you are breath taking!	Marry me!
Permission?	Hi Ms. BirdsUnlimited, My name is Wally and I'm an artist who also experienced game development. I saw your latest post and I must say that I admire your dedication and I also find you really really cute. I'd like to get to know you more. Is it ok if we connect through other social media?
So I CREEP YEEEahhhh	Not trying to be a creepy DM guy (though I realize I’m being one this very moment) but would like to send an excited mutual appreciation for Cow Chop, Black Lips, Zep, cool Dali tattoos, and Joyce Manor. You have good taste. Congrats on the game and keep kicking ass! This was totally pointless, I just think you’re cool and thought you should know and I will probably lose sleep thinking about how I sent this weird message. Sorry in advance.
Can I pay you?	To overnight mail me your poop? If you’re in the US, anyway. 100% serious
Awesome game!!!	I love smart beautiful women.... Pls let me lick your feet goddess... I want to taste your sweat... Smother me with your soiled panties my absolute goddess I will lick you and suck you and nibble all over yuor perfect body, slobber ur alveoli ND nipples good and moist wet 💦💦💦
I can tell	You have a great rack and a nice face, that combined with even a modest level of intelligence/confidence will get you far in life. Women should not underestimate the power of a good pair of tits or a pretty smile. People wanna be around beautiful people and if you have something valuable to say then they’ll fight hell or high water to have you on their team. Good luck young Bonita
Not creepy, I promise!	Hey I'm sure you got a lot of creepy PMs for making the front page. I just wanted to say I'm a dev and it's great to see young women getting into the field with such passion. There isn't enough representation for women in the industry, and it's dope to see any evidence that it's changing. Keep doing you! (not actually creepy but BAD start)
Marry me: Lol or at least get coffee?
Beyond proud of you	& your achievement and hope your team, friends, family & loved ones are equally supportive during the tricky times associated with development in the future. You and your work are beyond marvelous and I hope you’re reminded daily. I'd love more of you & if you're ever bored feel free to vent/update/show off to me! <3 - Youtube/Snapchat : Cyael
Hey :)	Hey I’m sure you’re getting a ton of messages, but I just wanted to say that you are gorgeous! I’m 23 by the way, where are you from? 😊
Forgive me, but....	Sorry if I'm being creepy. I don't know how much you hear it, but you are an absolute beauty!
Limited Time Offer Hey just wanted to say ur cute my Twitter & Instagram is @xxxxxx pls follow
$$$	Do you sell nudes? I’ll pay you 😍
i'd marry you lol	ngl
Amazing tits! Love em!
You're very bueatiful and good job on writing your first game	
You have some amazing looking birds	
